Test 1: User log in
Steps:
1. User launches application
2. User selects the username textbox.
3. User enters username via the keyboard.
4. User selects the password textbox.
5. User selects the "Log in" button.
Expected result: Application verifies the user's username and password. After which, the user is taken to next page where he/she is given option to continue/edit account/delete account/return to main menu.

Test Status: Passed

Test 2: Create a new account
Steps:
1. User launches application.
2. User selects the username textbox.
3. User enters username via the keyboard.
4. User selects the password textbox.
5. User enters password via the keyboard.
6. User clicks on the "Teacher" button.
7. User selects the "continue" button.

Expected Result: Application creates a new account for the user. After which the user is taken to next page where he/she is given the option ot continue/edit account/delete account/return to main menu.

Test Status: Passed

Test 3: Take a quiz
Steps:
1. User enters host name and port number
2. User logs in as a Student
3. User selects Continue
4. User chooses a course and presses enter
5. User chooses “Take a quiz” 
6. User chooses a quiz.
7. User then chooses any answer for as many questions as there are.

Expected result: The application will allow the User to log in as a student, choose a course, and then take a quiz, while printing a .txt document with the User's answers.

Test Status: Passed

Test 4: Create a quiz
1. User launches application and selects “Log in”.
2. User enters username and password via textbook
3. User selects the “Log in” button.
4. User selects “Continue”.
5. User selects “Create a new course”.
6. User enters a course name and selects “OK”.
7. User selects “View a Course”.
8. User selects the previously entered course from the dropdown menu.
9. User selects “Create a new quiz”.
10. User enters “quizName”, “1”, and selects “No” and “continue”.
11. User enters an integer.
12. User selects “No”.
13. User fills in question and answer prompts and selects “Enter”.
	
Expected result: Application allows for user to log in through an account, specifically with a  “Teacher” role. Afterwards, the user creates a new course, and then creates a quiz through this course.

Test Status: Passed
